Today was a decent day. Talked with Gordon Ng for 20 min. He was late. Talked about life, and about girls in HK. Went to Math 53 discussion, took like literally the most amazing notes using Obsidian. Second time I officially took amazing notes with this software. Then touched a llama with this Italian dude in math disc. Then I went to library, chatted with this indian dude I met at EECS lecture, as well as this asian dude and girl, who was pre hot. Then I sat in the library and this weird stranger dude talked to me in cantonese about promoting his skills in relationship advice. He wants me to participate in his tutoring sesh for dating. Apparently some HK international student studying here in cali since high school who was depressed and sad cuz he couldn't get a hot white gf. Man got relationship coach and now he succeeded. Idrc tbh and idk why lol he ask me when so many ppl in library. He said he talk to lots of ppl, but mainly ppl he think from HK. He was like asian dudes cant date white girls or smth and therefore we should bond together and help ourselves? Yeah i'm not interested.

Afterwards had to go to FH dorm to get adapter, cuz library no have. Sad. Took like 20 min. Ate a good lunch by myself, and then watched CS on Zoom. Again took best notes using software. Its so good. Then watched some vids, then went to health clinic for ear infection(cyst on ear). Nurse asked many qs, told me it was healing, and I should leave alone. Drainiage is possible, but not recommended due to location of cyst. So I didn't do that. Doc told me I should use the warm water towel to just soothe the cyst so it ccan heal normally. Antibiotics given to me but Doc said I only take if cyst develops badly, gets worse. Pharmacy services are trash, very slow. Took 40 minutes to give me my medication.

Then did CS project with Kelly he. She is ok smart in CS, not dumb but not bright. Kinda defensive and not very sociable. She said "she gonna have to study a lot for cs" and all I said was "I can tell from this <interaction> " and she got pissed af. Doesn't k how to take the most basic of jokes. Rank 1 in her high school in GPA, probs a nerd. She was loud making tantrum fuss in library and made me kinda nervous around her lol. I did most of CS work but its fine that doesn't matter. Improved in my CS knowledge explaining concepts.

Noticed homecoming parades in Glade and at Doe libarry like the outside grass pitch place. Took pictures with Carol Christ, pre cool. Also got my CHINESE FLUTE LETS GO BABY

Had a nice dinner, chatted up some new peps who i can't remember name except david. He is a chill dude who is thinking of making his own major. Very definitely a no authority conform type... doesn't want to CS major cuz he thinks we're all dumb taking basic classes.  Very interesting chat, he has worked before and has experience in GAN. He downloaded Phocabulary app on phone in the end.

Continued working with Kelly. Then played pool with Reid and (Milly,Evelyn), some hot taiwanese chicks. Very fun, lots of laffs. They were very nice people, very sociable. Then Kelly left cuz she tired and I studied. Talked with this other EECS indian dude and Kevin, a cool CS+MSE dude who was cool. We talked, vibed, I showed him my anime GAN project, and he rlly liked it. I also gave him some EECS notes cuz we vibed so well. In return he gave me his course files for MSE. Pretty nice lol.

Gotta sleep